## Test your knowledge: Apply display advertising

1. Uploaded vs Responsive ads

-  With responsive display ad, you upload content, such as imges, headline, logos, and descriptions. Google Ads uses this information to automatically generate ad combinations. While there is less control with reposnive display ads, Some prefer them because the ad creation process is easier.

- You may choose to upload ads when you have a specific concept for the ad design. To do this, you also need design resources and time to create the ad.

2. Benefits of responsive display ads

- The software uses the best combination of ad content, such as images, headlines and logo to deliver the performing ads to potential customers. You do have to test any of the combination.

- Uploading videos ads will maximize your advertising reach. If you upload a video, Google will test the video against the images you upload. If the video delivers a better performance, when possible, it will show instead of the photos.

- A broader reach means that the ads will reach more people. If you are uploading an ad manually, and a website does not support ad size you uploaded, the website will not show your ad.

3. Responsive display ads best practices

- Your headline should demonstate your product or brand's value. It needs to be interesting and useful to customers. The description should complement the headline. 

- The messaging on the landing page should match the messaging on the ad. If the messaging on the ad. If the messaging on the landing page does not match, the potential customer may leave the page.

- On average, advertisers have 10% more conversion with responsive displays ads when they use multiple headlines, images, and descriptions.

4. Tips: Images for your responsive display ads?

- If you do not have quality images or are having difficulty adhering to the images policy, consider using an image from Google's library of stock images. These images are no-cost.

- Blank space should not take up more than 80% of an image. Other tips include using images with a strong visual focus and ensuring the background suits the product.

- You do not want to create a fake background for a product, such as a product outer space. Instead, use images that have a physical setting with natural lighting and shadows.
